1. Hong Kong to quarantine all visitors to preserve success of coronavirus efforts
   Hong Kong will quarantine for 14 days all people entering the city starting midnight on Thursday to prevent an 'explosion' of coronavirus cases around the world ...
   (ABS-CBN News | 7 hours ago)
   ->Coronavirus: Hong Kong to quarantine all arrivals from abroad
   Hong Kong has seen 57 new infections over the past two weeks, 50 of which were imported.
   (BBC News 7 hours ago)

2. 2nd Mindanao coronavirus patient recovering well
   Doctors in Tagum City say the patient's colds, cough and fever are gone. And if she tests negative of the virus 2 times, she will be discharged.
   (Rappler | 3 hours ago)
   ->Davao de Oro implements partial lockdown
   DAVAO CITY, Philippines – Davao de Oro Governor Jayvee Tyron Uy announced a partial lockdown of the province starting Tuesday, March 17, due to fears ...
   (Rappler | 3 hours ago)

3. Philippine courts reduce operations, night courts closed
   As the Philippines struggles to contain the coronavirus, only select courts will be open from 9am to 3pm to process bail petitions and any relief related to the ...
   (Rappler | Yesterday)
   ->Supreme Court suspends night courts in bid to curb spread of COVID-19
   The Supreme Court on Monday suspended night courts and ordered all courts nationwide to reduce staff until April 15 in a bid to contain the spread of ...
   (ABS-CBN News | Yesterday)

4. DOH: PH to get more COVID-19 test kits from South Korea, China
   The Philippines may soon be able to test more people for the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) as more test kits arrive from donors.
   (ABS-CBN News | Yesterday)
   ->First batch of COVID-19 fast test kits from China arrives in Manila - UNTV News
   The first batch of 2000 fast test kits for novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) from China has arrived in Manila, the Chinese Embassy said Monday.
   (UNTV News | Yesterday)

5. Canada closes border to most foreigners
   Canada is closing its borders to most foreigners -- excluding Americans -- in a bid to stem the coronavirus pandemic, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced ...
   (ABS-CBN News | 12 hours ago)
   ->In bid to slow coronavirus, Canada shuts borders to foreign nationals
   Canada closed its borders to all foreign nationals except US citizens and permanent residents on Monday, with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau urging people to ...
   (GMA News | 15 hours ago)




