1. Dua Lipa Taps Into The K-Pop World Again With ‘Physical’ Remix Featuring Hwa Sa Of MAMAMOO
   This new "Physical" remix with Hwa Sa marks Dua Lipa's second foray into the K-pop scene after working with BLACKPINK for the track "Kiss and Make Up."
   (Forbes | 3 hours ago)
   ->Dua Lipa and Mamamoos Hwasa team up for Physical remix and it is a dance anthem
   British singer Dua Lipa is once again getting into the K-pop scene and this time she has collaborated with celebrated artiste Hwasa of the girl group, Mamamoo ...
   (Bollywood Hungama | 50 minutes ago)


2. Vanessa Hudgens Under Fire For Coronavirus Video
   We can probably say goodbye to Vanessa Hudgens' career after this as the 31-year-old actress has found herself in the hot seat regarding a video she posted ...
   (Cosmic Book News | 7 hours ago)
   ->Vanessa Hudgens Guzzles Wine While Taking On Ashley Tisdale In ‘HSM’ Tik Tok Challenge — Watch
   Just another reminder that we're all in this together! Vanessa Hudgens took on BFF Ashley Tisdale's 'HSM' TikTok Challenge in the best way!
   (HollywoodLife | Yesterday)


3. Lyle Waggoner, a TV Star as Actor and Announcer, Dies at 84
   Lyle Waggoner, the sable-haired heartthrob best remembered as the announcer and a comic performer in the early years of “The Carol Burnett Show” and for ...
   (The New York Times | 9 hours ago)
   ->Lyle Waggoner of TV's 'Wonder Woman', 'Carol Burnett Show' dies at 84
   Lyle Waggoner, the sable-haired heartthrob best remembered as the announcer and a comic performer in the early years of “The Carol Burnett Show” and for ...
   (ABS-CBN News | 3 hours ago)


4. Hanks tweets on Vegemite after virus
   Tom Hanks has posted a message about his health, playing cards and his Vegemite spreading skills after being treated for coronavirus in Queensland.
   (7NEWS.com.au | 5 hours ago)
   Coronavirus: Tom Hanks says he has the 'blahs' but no fever in isolation
   NEW YORK — Tom Hanks says he feels the “blahs” but has no fever as he and wife Rita Wilson remain in isolation in an Australian residence after being ...
   (INQUIRER.net | 1 hour ago)


5. 'The Voice' Recap: Micah Iverson, Brittney Allen — Blind Auditions
   Our recap of Night 5 of 'The Voice' Season 18 Blind Auditions reviews performances by Micah Iverson, Brittney Allen and more.
   (TVLine | Yesterday)
   Kevin Farris Sings with Nick Jonas After Performing Johnnyswim's "Home" - Voice Blind Auditions 2020
   (The Voice | Yesterday)


