1. NASA just sent nearly its entire workforce home as coronavirus spreads - Business Insider
   NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine announced Tuesday that all staff are now under a mandatory order to work from home "until further notice" due to the ...
   (Business Insider | 4 hours ago)
   ->Over budget, behind schedule: NASA's SLS megarocket faces congressional review
   NASA's forthcoming moon rocket program is so costly that the agency will need to let Congress know of budgetary overruns while reviewing the program, ...
   (Space.com | 13 hours ago)

2. SpaceX launch the same Falcon 9 rocket for the fifth time
   As the rest of the world slowly grinds to a halt amid the coronavirus pandemic, the US launch industry is still sending rockets into space, with another SpaceX ...
   (The Verge | 12 hours ago)
   ->SpaceX now targeting Wednesday for next Starlink launch. Here's how to watch live.
   SpaceX will add 60 more satellites to its Starlink internet megaconstellation tomorrow morning (March 18), and you can watch the liftoff live. Launch is scheduled ...
   (Space.com | 13 hours ago)

3. 3.67-Million-Year-Old Fossil Unveils More about Australopithecus prometheus | Anthropology, Paleoanthropology
   An international team of paleoanthropologists led by the University of the Witwatersrand has examined the first cervical vertebra (atlas) of the 'Little Foot,' a 3.67 ...
   (Sci-News.com | 13 hours ago)
   ->Micro-CT scanning of 'Little Foot' skull reveals how human ancestor lived 3 million years ago
   High-resolution micro-CT scanning of the skull of the fossil specimen known as "Little Foot" has revealed some aspects of how this Australopithecus species ...
   (The Medical News | 14 hours ago)

4. A Supermassive Black Hole in Our Galaxy Is Getting Restless; Will It Munch Everything That Comes Its Way?
   Researchers have determined that a supermassive black hole 26000 light-years from Earth has progressively become more active in emanating high-energy ...
   (Tech Times | 1 hour ago)
   ->Supermassive Black Hole at Milky Way’s Center Increasing in Activity
   Researchers have determined that a supermassive black hole 26000 light-years from Earth has progressively become more active in emananting high-energy ...
   (Sputnik International | 9 hours ago)

5. Scientists say blazing heat on Mercury could help the planet make ice
   When most people think of Mercury, they think of a scorching planet, and that would be accurate. Daytime temperatures on Mercury can reach 400 degrees ...
   (SlashGear | Yesterday)
   ->Mercury, the closest planet to the Sun, surely has no frozen water, right? Guess again: Solar winds form ice
   Video Mercury, the innermost planet in the Solar System, reaches searing temperatures. Yet ice still manages to exist on its rocky surface. How? The heat from ...
   (The Register | Yesterday)

