1. Exit the Gungeon arrives on Nintendo Switch and Steam
   Devolver Digital and developers Dodge Roll and Singlecore Games have announced that Exit the Gungeon is now available on Steam and Nintendo Switch.
   (Flickering Myth | 2 hours ago)
   ->All The Announcements From Today's Nintendo Indie Direct
   Today's indie-focused Nintendo Direct was chock full of timed Switch exclusives. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed if you were spending your ...
   video_youtube
   (Kotaku | 13 hours ago)


2. Q-Games' PixelJunk Eden 2 Mixes Grooves And Green Fingers On Switch This Summer
   Q-Games has announced via the latest Nintendo Indie Direct Showcase that it is bringing a sequel to PixelJunk Eden to Switch this year. The predictably (and ...
   (Nintendo Life | 13 hours ago)
   ->PixelJunk Eden 2 announced for Switch
   Developer Q-Games has announced PixelJunk Eden 2 for Switch. It will launch via the Nintendo eShop in Q2 2020 as a timed exclusive and support English, ...
   (Gematsu | 15 hours ago)


3. Facebook is wrongly blocking news articles about the coronavirus pandemic - Business Insider
   Facebook's automated moderation systems appear to be "going haywire."
   (Business Insider | 8 hours ago)
   ->Facebook acknowledges a bug that blocked coronavirus news
   A bug in Facebook's anti-spam system is blocking the publication of links to news stories about the coronavirus, a Facebook official said.
   (INQUIRER.net | 5 hours ago)


4. CO2-based vodka startup Air Co. fully redirects its tech to making hand sanitizer for donation
   A NYC-based startup that developed technology that extracts carbon dioxide from the air and combines it with water to create vodka has redirected its entire ...
   (TechCrunch | 11 hours ago)
   ->How to Make Hand Sanitizer - Hand Sanitizer Recipe
   As basic hygiene products like hand sanitizer are becoming harder to come by, many are looking to the Internet to make their own versions at home.
   (food52.com | 12 hours ago)


5. Oppo Reno3 goes global with MediaTek P90 and 48MP main cam - GSMArena.com news
   Oppo launched the Reno3 5G and Reno3 Pro 5G in China back in December and followed it up last month with a global version of the Pro, which we reviewed.
   (GSMArena.com | Yesterday)
   ->OPPO Reno3 launches internationally with the MediaTek Helio P90
   The OPPO Reno3 has now been launched internationally and it's quite a bit different from the Chinese variant that was launched last year.
   (XDA Developers | Yesterday)





